[Oracle] Document alternate method of adding runtime library path (#8754)
elastic/integrations: packages/oracle/_dev/build/docs/README.md

The OCI library install few Client Shared Libraries that must be referenced on the machine where Metricbeat is installed. Please follow the [Oracle Client Installation link](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/21/lacli/install-instant-client-using-zip.html#GUID-D3DCB4FB-D3CA-4C25-BE48-3A1FB5A22E84) link for OCI Instant Client set up. The OCI Instant Client is available with the Oracle Universal Installer, RPM file or ZIP file. Download links can be found at the [Oracle Instant Client Download page](https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/instant-client/downloads.html).

> If the Elastic Agent is running as a systemd service and there are limitations in running `ldconfig` command, you can set the library search path using an alternate method. Follow the steps below to achieve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Elastic Agent is running as a systemd service and using `ldconfig` is not an option to update the links to the shared libraries, you can use the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable instead. Follow these steps to ensure Elastic Agent and its spawned processes respect the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable.
```

Reviewer: Suggest change is clearer IMO as LD_LIBRARY_PATH is the alternative method. So we are helping our users set environment variables for Elastic Agent and the processes spawned by the same.

> Prerequisites: Ensure that you have administrative privileges to make changes to the Elastic Agent systemd service configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Prerequisites: Ensure that you have administrative privileges to modify the Elastic Agent systemd service configuration.
```

Reviewer: For important stuff like `NOTE/PREREQ./etc`, always use blockquotes.

Steps:
1. Check the status of the Elastic Agent systemd service by running the following command:
   `systemctl status elastic-agent.service`
   Take note of the path to the elastic-agent.service file, which is typically located in the systemd service directory. Example path: `/etc/systemd/system/elastic-agent.service`

> 2. Open and view the content of the `elastic-agent.service file` using your preferred text editor. Look for the `EnvironmentFile` key, which is usually empty by default. Example path to the EnvironmentFile: `/etc/sysconfig/elastic-agent`

Reviewer: EnvironmentFile is not empty by default. It already comes prepopulated by default. The file itself is not there, it is important to create one if it doesn't exist.

See this generator file that is used to generate the service file: https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/blob/ad7e1b5113ba07d39b23eb06f7b300f0d8c58d82/internal/pkg/agent/install/svc.go#L186

Reviewer: So another step is required to instruct to create the file: `/etc/systemd/system/elastic-agent.service`

> 3. Add the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable to the EnvironmentFile. You can set it to the directory where libraries (`libclntsh.so`) are located. For example, if your libraries are in the /opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1 directory, add the following line to the EnvironmentFile
>    `LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable to the configured EnvironmentFile. You can set it to the directory where libraries (`libclntsh.so`) are located. For example, if your libraries are in the /opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1 directory, add the following line to the EnvironmentFile (i.e., `/etc/systemd/system/elastic-agent.service`):
   `LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1`
```

> 4. Save the changes made to the `EnvironmentFile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Save the changes made to the configured `EnvironmentFile`.
```

> 5. Restart the Elastic Agent systemd service to apply the changes by running the following command:
>      `systemctl restart elastic-agent.service`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Restart the Elastic Agent systemd service to make Elastic Agent and spawned processes respect the environment variable set by running the following command:
   `systemctl restart elastic-agent.service`
```

Author: I will prefer to keep the original version. Words like `respect`, may cause confusions. Also, not README must not cover the technical implementation details such as 'process spawning'

> Note: Ensure that you replace /opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1 with the actual path to the directory where your required libraries (`libclntsh.so`) are located. This will set the library search path for the Elastic Agent service to include the specified directory, allowing it to locate the required libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Please make sure to replace the `/opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1` with the actual path to the directory where your shared libraries (e.g., `libclntsh.so`) are located. This will enable the dynamic link loader to search for the shared libraries in the configured path for the Elastic Agent and the spawned processes by the same, required by the Oracle integration.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. 

1. `libclntsh.so` is the mandatory library. Hence it is not added as an example. 
2. Mentioning the internal working such as spawning, how DLL works  may be beyond the scope of a user readme document.

Reviewer: 1. `libclntsh.so` is not just mandatory but there are other libraries too and that's why I used it in `e.g.,`. Also many libraries are symlinked to one another and that's why the directory is required.  But yes, we can present it in a better way. What if just stick to Instant Client? See [this](https://odpi-c.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/installation.html#:~:text=Instant%20Client%2019.-,If%20there%20is%20no%20other%20Oracle%20software%20on%20the%20machine%20that%20will%20be%20impacted%2C%20permanently%20add%20Instant%20Client%20to%20the%20runtime%20link%20path,-.%20For%20example%2C%20with); this is best doc for ODPI-C.
2. Spawning part could be meaningful for the user as I am talking about Metricbeat here because Agent. Maybe we can stick with just "Agent"? Also, DLL part can be skipped but the library search path is confusing for the user as well. Shared/ Runtime libraries can be used. What do you think?

The OCI library install few Client Shared Libraries that must be referenced on the machine where Metricbeat is installed. Please follow the [Oracle Client Installation link](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/21/lacli/install-instant-client-using-zip.html#GUID-D3DCB4FB-D3CA-4C25-BE48-3A1FB5A22E84) link for OCI Instant Client set up. The OCI Instant Client is available with the Oracle Universal Installer, RPM file or ZIP file. Download links can be found at the [Oracle Instant Client Download page](https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/instant-client/downloads.html).

> If Elastic Agent is running as a systemd service and using `ldconfig` is not an option to update the links to the shared libraries, you can use the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable instead. Follow these steps to ensure Elastic Agent and its spawned processes respect the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Elastic Agent is running as a systemd service and not using `ldconfig` as an option to update the links to the shared libraries, you can use the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable instead. Follow these steps to ensure Elastic Agent and its spawned processes respect the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable.
```

> Prerequisites: Ensure that you have administrative privileges to modify the Elastic Agent systemd service configuration.

Steps:
1. Check the status of the Elastic Agent systemd service by running the following command:

>    `systemctl status elastic-agent.service`

Reviewer 2: nit: Can we make this syntax spacing aligned with point 3 and 5.

   Take note of the path to the elastic-agent.service file, which is typically located in the systemd service directory. Example path: `/etc/systemd/system/elastic-agent.service`

2. Open the elastic-agent.service file in your preferred text editor, find the `EnvironmentFile` key (commonly found at `/etc/sysconfig/elastic-agent`), and verify its contents, as these configurations are essential for the elastic-agent's runtime environment initialization. If the EnvironmentFile is absent, create it and set the necessary permissions to ensure the elastic-agent has full access.  

3. Add the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable to the configured `EnvironmentFile`. You can set it to the directory where libraries (`libclntsh.so`) are located. For example, if your libraries are in the `/opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1 directory`, add the following line to the `EnvironmentFile` (i.e. `/etc/systemd/system/elastic-agent.service`)

      `LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1`

4. Save the changes made to the configured `EnvironmentFile`.

5. Restart the Elastic Agent systemd service to apply the changes by running the following command:
     `systemctl restart elastic-agent.service`

> > Note: Ensure that you replace `/opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1` with the actual path to the directory where  required libraries (`libclntsh.so`) are located. This will set the library search path for the Elastic Agent service to include the specified directory, allowing it to locate the required libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
> Note: Ensure that you replace `/opt/oracle/instantclient_21_1` with the actual path to the directory where required libraries (`libclntsh.so`) are located. This will set the library search path for the Elastic Agent service to include the specified directory, allowing it to locate the required libraries.
```

Reviewer 2: Removed extra space here.
